so the spark is about knowledge but
Knowledge from the enlightenment
essentially
so the kind of culture of criticism that
we've spoken about previously it is the
thing that sets fire to the rest of
civilization is the thing that allows us
to create knowledge that is without
bound
and that we can have Cosmic significance
okay so the spark Begins by talking
about how ancient myths were largely
anthropocentric they were about us so
our first attempts to understand the
world were always
centered on what human beings were doing
and what human beings were capable of
doing and how the rest of reality was
here for us was here to try and attack
us or here to try and preserve Us in
some way so this idea is called
anthropocentrism
so let me begin at the very beginning of
chapter three and we will read through
at least part of it